{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs22 \cf0 Semanticvoid (13 documents, score: 51.61461647638658)\
  [ 4] @semanticvoid one for me please\
\
  [ 7] @semanticvoid pretty intense ;-) .. had loads of fun though\
\
  [ 8] @semanticvoid niice !\
\
  [37] @semanticvoid according to @happyalu it transcribes "breath of God" as "president's call"\
\
  [45] @semanticvoid haha :p here just to clear a citation. will keep ur offer in mind\
\
  [59] @semanticvoid thank you very much :D\
\
  [64] @semanticvoid all the best, do drop by when you miss sunshine :)\
\
  [78] @semanticvoid uneventful first & second days. my mentor filled in with some fancy fundas about the project. iliked :D\
\
  [81] @semanticvoid fever & cold! so getting wet is not an option. still hope i can watch from a distance. coming to stan asha holi? letmeknow\
\
  [119] @semanticvoid pass on interesting papers plz :)\
\
  [131] @semanticvoid what does the data contain ?\
\
  [148] @semanticvoid i am working on transcribed speech data divided into segments. using the pause time between them to get approximate results\
\
  [161] RT @semanticvoid yahoo! quest - #faceted navigation for q&a - http://sandbox.yahoo.com/Quest\
\
Thathoo (11 documents, score: 52.182974664144034)\
  [ 6] @thathoo waiting for the pic with ze boi\
\
  [77] @thathoo across the creek, 401 island parkway. let us meet for lunch  when u are free.if you have not started working for bappi already :P\
\
  [83] @thathoo congrats ! :)\
\
  [108] @thathoo  Stranger: m or f? You: m &gt; Your partner disconnected. Press "Next" to find a new person! its the same story everywhere\
\
  [140] @thathoo how do you alternate between rajasthan and delhi every day ?\
\
  [154] @thathoo mine is delayed by 2 hours .. u are doing much better\
\
  [157] @thathoo arguing in favor of this feature because its much needed for  small timers (myself) to work on real-time search & related apps\
\
  [158] @thathoo  look at it as another way of discovering new conversations.greatforsearch-just shudn't have been called 'retweet'.can alwaysuse RT\
\
  [159] @thathoo agreed.but it can be used by the likes of bing and oneriot to discover hot tweets reliably. and they are the ones paying twitter:)\
\
  [166] RT @thathoo If you own a mac - go here (http://www.macheist.com) and hit download for free stuff! http://www.macheist.com\
\
  [171] RT @thathoo RT @otisg: #mahout #hadoop #lucene + other search/DM folks will love http://infochimps.org/ - great repository of data sets\
\
Communicating (8 documents, score: 40.597775849817175)\
  [60] @communicating haha one needs to realize the full picture before they can think about big solutions. v curious about ur release :)\
\
  [71] @communicating many job offers were returned by the search "natural language processing" disproving the claims made by detractors. #sample\
\
  [72] @communicating my email is tentejswi at gmail\
\
  [73] @communicating can you please tell me how you have handled multiple verbs in a sentence while doing SRL? clause-boundary detection?\
\
  [90] @communicating [NP I/Experiencer] [VP love] [NP PREP/Theme] :P\
\
  [117] @communicating I concur !\
\
  [121] @communicating what corpus do you use in training for SRL? i am working on the same task for tweets.can't decide on train data, plz suggest\
\
  [130] #nlproc for natural language processing  via @zelandiya @communicating\
\
NeoHippie (6 documents, score: 37.77735997170187)\
  [ 2] @NeoHippie i shall grab that top honor if u are willing to lease it out for a month  in Jan nxt year ;)\
\
  [62] @NeoHippie go on ! burn us with more trippy pics .. #not smoking cigarettes and watching capt kangaroo #timelessblunders\
\
  [63] @NeoHippie  how i miss the rain :(\
\
  [129] @NeoHippie brownies, brownies to beat late night blues at office\
\
  [135] @NeoHippie plz take a look at what karthik commented on my fb status and tell me if its true !\
\
  [163] RT @NeoHippie MNS refuses to allow cyclone Phyan to enter Mumbai unless it is given a Marathi name\
\
Bishamon (5 documents, score: 31.53169327057105)\
  [57] @bishamon haha noise is never happy news\
\
  [80] RT @bishamon New XKCD site - http://www.xkcd.com/\
\
  [87] @bishamon joining oracle's knowledge management team soon\
\
  [151] @bishamon yes sir. will be back from a desh trip on jan 14th. ping me after you are here\
\
  [152] @bishamon if only i had seen your tweet earlier. anyways, heard you might visit MTV sometime?\
\
Hours (5 documents, score: 35.50063374077655)\
  [ 5] flexible hours at work translates to &gt; 60 office hours this week. #waitin4tomorrow\
\
  [107] 4 hours later, the chunker has finally started the marathon. Me,  I am off to watch Sachin bat.\
\
  [150] @sandeepsripada hehe, and i am going to be back in a few hours. meet for dinner sometime ? long time no see asalu :)\
\
  [154] @thathoo mine is delayed by 2 hours .. u are doing much better\
\
  [165] @mohitgupta upset i dunno, but i can clearly imagine you shouting and threatening them with hours worth of counter arguments\
\
Sus2010 (5 documents, score: 34.82178092748957)\
  [10] Brain chesky tells the craziest startup story ever. #airbnb. .#sus2010\
\
  [11] Mark zuckerberg in 5 minutes #sus2010\
\
  [12] Boy Conway is really pissed with the social network ... Can't stop talking against it #sus2010\
\
  [13] Ron Conway & mc hammer are on !#sus2010\
\
  [14] #sus2010 (@ Startup School 2010 w/ 8 others) http://4sq.com/d2i7w0\
\
Grooveshark (4 documents, score: 33.76867793223127)\
  [16] auto-suggest for #grooveshark #finally\
\
  [49] Spanish Caravan by The Doors on @Grooveshark: http://tinysong.com/krGB #nowplaying #doors\
\
  [51] #twitter name search results are cool  ! on another note i got free vip access for a month. thank you @Grooveshark.\
\
  [56] listening to Street Fighting Man by The Rolling Stones on @Grooveshark: http://tinysong.com/7yAR #nowplaying\
\
Airport (3 documents, score: 37.126324037223206)\
  [30] I'm at Denver International Airport (DEN) ? (8500 Pe\'c3\'b1a Blvd, Denver) w/ 39 others. http://4sq.com/1Uqc7I\
\
  [153] google gives free wi-fi at 47 airports during the hols ! why the frock did i not find this out earlier ?\
\
  [155] working @SF airport ..such bad days befallen\
\
Happyalu (3 documents, score: 27.9981293434095)\
  [37] @semanticvoid according to @happyalu it transcribes "breath of God" as "president's call"\
\
  [38] RT @happyalu Now, if you think (or if you dont) google audio captions are awesome look at the captions for http://bit.ly/IPU5 #nlproc\
\
  [75] @happyalu is it a mike or is it a bike light ?\
\
India (3 documents, score: 30.057444789895776)\
  [32] Back in India it's the voters who get paid. NYtimes: Lobbyists Rush to Hire G.O.P. Staff Ahead of Midterm Vote http://nyti.ms/cZvNrR\
\
  [96] India navy plane crashes at air show http://bit.ly/bMQmc2\
\
  [125] Watching Cricket - Bangladesh vs. India (Idea Cup Pres. By Cricinfo.com) on @ESPN360\
\
Mohitgupta (3 documents, score: 36.01659123977081)\
  [54] RT @mohitgupta Google wants our movie too #allourinfoiswantsbygoog http://bit.ly/apKwbp\
\
  [55] @mohitgupta awesomeness \\m/\
\
  [165] @mohitgupta upset i dunno, but i can clearly imagine you shouting and threatening them with hours worth of counter arguments\
\
Oracle (3 documents, score: 30.973036720390546)\
  [43] I'm at Oracle Headquarters (500 Oracle Parkway, Redwood Shores). http://4sq.com/8Xjjwp\
\
  [58] noise levels inside oracle's problem documentation are so effing on par with twitter. joy of working on parallel problems :(\
\
  [87] @bishamon joining oracle's knowledge management team soon\
\
RT Thathoo (3 documents, score: 63.44191150045129)\
  [158] @thathoo  look at it as another way of discovering new conversations.greatforsearch-just shudn't have been called 'retweet'.can alwaysuse RT\
\
  [166] RT @thathoo If you own a mac - go here (http://www.macheist.com) and hit download for free stuff! http://www.macheist.com\
\
  [171] RT @thathoo RT @otisg: #mahout #hadoop #lucene + other search/DM folks will love http://infochimps.org/ - great repository of data sets\
\
Rahul_gupta (3 documents, score: 34.251176694945066)\
  [86] after not very long :(  RT @rahul_gupta: Why Why Why am I working? Why am I still at office? Why do I feel the need to fix the error?\
\
  [93] @rahul_gupta aur kitna bada hona hai uncle ? :P\
\
  [98] @rahul_gupta just collecting data for a project :|\
\
Sentence (3 documents, score: 30.871609952167226)\
  [ 3] Peter Norvig - World's Longest Palindrome Sentence?: http://bit.ly/cVIJqT\
\
  [73] @communicating can you please tell me how you have handled multiple verbs in a sentence while doing SRL? clause-boundary detection?\
\
  [149] god help me with sentence boundary detection in a text without any punctuation\
\
Soon (3 documents, score: 31.604414614643684)\
  [53] @SharathKalyan how did you get to hear them so soon ?\
\
  [87] @bishamon joining oracle's knowledge management team soon\
\
  [136] @madhusudhan314 really want to see KCR or MIM rule Telangana? There will soon be issues with rivers -&gt;politics -&gt; violence against innocent\
\
Suchitagarwal (3 documents, score: 33.23679291747349)\
  [112] @suchitagarwal http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_d5mLxIKqeo  incase you miss the rain ;)\
\
  [114] congrats @suchitagarwal !\
\
  [127] RT @suchitagarwal Storm of "biblical" proportions. http://www.santamonicadispatch.com/?p=1611\
\
Tejaswi_yvs (3 documents, score: 35.166569119393806)\
  [126] @tejaswi_yvs congrats man !\
\
  [144] RT @tejaswi_yvs Photo: Okay, please don\'92t interpret this as racism, but bloody hell, Chinese! http://tumblr.com/xsq4ewiev\
\
  [169] thanks @tejaswi_yvs for the wave invite\
\
Turn (3 documents, score: 32.03384976870187)\
  [61] amazing how my code can quickly turn into a scratchpad\
\
  [138] A monstor can be fought with, only if you turn yourself into one. I wish Jagan would be the made the CM of AP for this week #KCRgadiJaathi\
\
  [139] no support for #Telangana ! cannot bear to see Vizag turn dirty like hyderabad\
\
Zelandiya (3 documents, score: 33.98149119765603)\
  [103] for ppl who are over-enthusiastic on twitter: http://pleaserobme.com/ (via @zelandiya)\
\
  [111] @zelandiya it will not be free in the future . atleast unlimited queries wont be\
\
  [130] #nlproc for natural language processing  via @zelandiya @communicating\
\
Aasishp (2 documents, score: 35.43382474210771)\
  [65] @aasishp Masters students ni endukura adukuntav. sandy gadiki kopamosthe manaki apple vadu 4G iyyadu @sandeepsripada\
\
  [120] #Pappu @aasishp - new kid in the Phd@CMU block !\
\
Book (2 documents, score: 25.071456517779094)\
  [123] wth!  #stanford #library can recall a book 2 months before the due date. phuleez consider the size of the book next time\
\
  [134] just realized that the late return fee I pay for each of the library book is more than its price in Amazon :(  #heightofprocastination\
\
Earlier (2 documents, score: 26.400668279363682)\
  [152] @bishamon if only i had seen your tweet earlier. anyways, heard you might visit MTV sometime?\
\
  [153] google gives free wi-fi at 47 airports during the hols ! why the frock did i not find this out earlier ?\
\
Final Week (2 documents, score: 35.36587250033523)\
  [89] I am loving the final week ! #sarcasm\
\
  [141] two very aptly named weeks - dead week and final week\
\
Hope (2 documents, score: 25.066413311856977)\
  [15] opera turbo works. real fast. hope it doesn't suck the life out of my macbook like ff.\
\
  [81] @semanticvoid fever & cold! so getting wet is not an option. still hope i can watch from a distance. coming to stan asha holi? letmeknow\
\
Just Unlocked (2 documents, score: 54.827343627455285)\
  [29] I just unlocked the "Swarm" badge on @foursquare! http://4sq.com/ciX0rY\
\
  [31] I just unlocked the "Adventurer" badge on @foursquare! http://4sq.com/bmsRMP\
\
Learn (2 documents, score: 19.190418075029942)\
  [118] drawing a barbie doll based storyboard to help high school girls learn boolean algebra.  the quarter is getting weirder by the day #weird\
\
  [122] self-supervised learning. I am in love  http://bit.ly/bwVLep #nlproc\
\
Libs (2 documents, score: 23.674912328587176)\
  [19] @stanfordnlp please make the latest POS tagger and the latest NER libs compatible with each other inside a single Java project #nlproc\
\
  [48] Two days later, libevent & gearman are setup on my ubuntu. now, what were all those few hundred libs I had to install in between? #notrace\
\
National Park (2 documents, score: 61.67309805198909)\
  [ 0] I'm at Sequoia  & Kings Canyon National Park (47050 Generals Highway, Three Rivers). http://4sq.com/bjqXNt\
\
  [25] My first wildlife spotting n the best outing ever! (@ Yellowstone National Park) http://4sq.com/aaYJsd\
\
Natural Language Processing (2 documents, score: 39.90810538613598)\
  [71] @communicating many job offers were returned by the search "natural language processing" disproving the claims made by detractors. #sample\
\
  [130] #nlproc for natural language processing  via @zelandiya @communicating\
\
Navy Plane Crashes (2 documents, score: 42.44684197836316)\
  [96] India navy plane crashes at air show http://bit.ly/bMQmc2\
\
  [97] Two killed after navy plane crashes in airshow\
\
Nuvvu (2 documents, score: 31.735883074677282)\
  [67] @sandeepsripada awesome ra ! jags jr. nuvvu :P\
\
  [102] @ursbunny basu evaramma nuvvu ? allu arjun aiteh garunteega kadhu\
\
Pravin Mahajan has Died (2 documents, score: 56.267340362174146)\
  [94] Pravin Mahajan has died in a hospital. (apologies for going berserk on twitter today)\
\
  [95] Pravin Mahajan has died.\
\
Priority Inbox (2 documents, score: 38.8291137225449)\
  [36] Got my #priority #inbox. It sure wohoos a lot. #goog\
\
  [39] #GOOG is now 'analyzing' emails RT @mashable Gmail Priority Inbox Launches: Your E-mail Will Never Be the Same - http://mash.to/2x6mM\
\
Rbhayani (2 documents, score: 24.235259787701978)\
  [88] RT @ktick  all of @rbhayani 's friends enjoy being forced to tweet for her  project demo. #sarcasm\
\
  [146] @rbhayani on it Boss. #productmanagerssuck\
\
Stones (2 documents, score: 23.23506430004021)\
  [56] listening to Street Fighting Man by The Rolling Stones on @Grooveshark: http://tinysong.com/7yAR #nowplaying\
\
  [76] back to lighting fire with stones. working on win vista.\
\
Trending in San Fransisco (2 documents, score: 54.44733255432759)\
  [105] kya chal raha hai !!! trending in San Fransisco : Double century, sachin, tendulkar, world record, odi\
\
  [106] #sachin trending in San fransisco !!!\
\
Wud be Thnkful for the Data (2 documents, score: 45.890019876839915)\
  [21] looking for Edinburgh Twitter Corpus http://demeter.inf.ed.ac.uk (now unavailable). wud be thnkful for the data if anyone has d/w it #nlproc\
\
  [22] looking for Edinburgh Twitter Corpus http://bit.ly/dbLSBL (now unavailable). wud be thnkful for the data if anyone has d/w it #nlproc\
\
Other Topics (57 documents, score: 0.0)\
  [ 1] I'm at Neto Caffe & Bakery (135 Castro St, at W Evelyn Ave, Mountain View). http://4sq.com/4p7l18\
\
  [ 9] @_tejaswi Justintv was covering it live\
\
  [17] Meeting up old frnds (@ Ray's) http://4sq.com/c4biHT\
\
  [18] @stanfordnlp grt! Can u also plz put up the src/jar of the Lemmatizer? I can see the docs online but the api is unavailable. thnks #nlproc\
\
  [20] rt @hackernewsbot Implementing Shazam with java in a weekend... http://www.redcode.nl/blog/2010/06/creating-shazam-in-java/\
\
  [23] well put- For all things (I know) there exists a Context in which that thing I know is false http://bit.ly/bE7pBB and http://bit.ly/9AOQ8z\
\
  [24] souvenirs lost & found #lifeisgood\
\
  [26] Very tempting ;) http://twitpic.com/2nr3tv\
\
  [27] I'm at Teton Village. http://4sq.com/chCxNd\
\
  [28] Just so brilliant !! (@ Snake River) http://4sq.com/akTq6d\
\
  [33] Me want my burger (@ The Counter) http://4sq.com/3Nngay\
\
  [34] just put my brains out in the freezer. \
 #machete tonight ! #slash\
\
  [35] I'm at Amoeba Music San Francisco (1855 Haight St, at Stanyan St, San Francisco). http://4sq.com/4BO8VB\
\
  [40] my iphone bumper is here, and the bad signal persists :(\
\
  [41] Five months since I've been officially out of this place, Stanford still lets me connect to its wifi :) miss grad school\
\
  [42] Pasta craving (@ CoHo Cafe) http://4sq.com/5ej7BB\
\
  [44] "Insurgentes" - film clip http://t.co/PnoPPou via @youtube #porcupine #tree #steve #wilson\
\
  [46] I'm at Redwood City Police Department (1301 Maple Street, Bayshore Freeway (101), Redwood City). http://4sq.com/a0WDFU\
\
  [47] my new apartment is finally kicking in\
\
  [50] verbs \\m/\
\
  [52] terrified of checking my work email.  list of features to be added is getting bigger, and the deadlines shorter  #piecesdontfit\
\
  [66] @sandeepsripada update task looks more interesting than the guided one and more relevant to ur DM work. make it into a news search engine\
\
  [68] @askswingly awesome ! thnks a lot :)\
\
  [69] @askswingly whoz Jonathan Schwartz ?\
\
  [70] RT @alisohani Must See: 10 Weirdest Urban Ecosystems On Earth http://is.gd/bEnoC #ecosystem #design #architecture #environment #emergence\
\
  [74] remembering Morrison http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K3CHi_9sxj0 #strange\
\
  [79] http://4amproject.org/ (via @kpowerinfinity )  @pratyus you should do this in tahoe\
\
  [82] spring breaks aren't working out well for me. sick this time :(\
\
  [84] all that money in my bank is gone. the credit limit has been reached. i am currently unemployed. All I own is a Lexus.\
\
  [85] @pradeepvarma thnks :)\
\
  [91] RT@someone No Academy Awards for "2012." Should've at least won "Best Portrayal of a Hoax to Scientifically Illiterate Viewers"\
\
  [92] sitting in the final 224u class :(\
\
  [99] big plane crash at hyderabad\
\
  [100] A plane has crashed in Hyderabad !\
\
  [101] the holi roll ;)\
\
  [104] #farm dont let the name fool you. its a bungle in the jungle\
\
  [109] i love VerbNet. but it doesn't love me back :(\
\
  [110] badly wishing that I could find time to watch shutter island !\
\
  [113] http://twitpic.com/12do1f - affinity diagram\
\
  [115] Ratchet & Clank: Bang Bang Bang! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qofboYUCfuA\
\
  [116] now playing in the bw lobby : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I0u2wG2YWyI&feature=related\
\
  [124] no wait ! Watch this 2010 Australian Open - Round of 16 (Day 7 Day Session) on @ESPN360\
\
  [128] storyboard template given for hw - http://xinsight.ca/tools/iphone-storyboard-template-9up.pdf #storyfail\
\
  [132] why did Bhajji jump ?\
\
  [133] @DataJunkie I don't think there would be any useful data from MySpace barring a heavy music site traffic\
\
  [137] @samkhawse Easy to manage ? manage what sir?\
\
  [142] svmlight is finally up and classifying !\
\
  [143] @madhusudhan314 yeah ! can't wait to see the fireworks\
\
  [145] ? salvation ala mode\
\
  [147] played pool after like eternity\
\
  [156] off to the east\
\
  [160] aah the long awaited re-tweet option is here!\
\
  [162] the day light saving guys should get their math right. 5:30 PM and its pitch dark already. need for #Math41\
\
  [164] Now Doing- #machinelearning homework. #leaveuskidsalone\
\
  [167] what are canonical subjects ?\
\
  [168] RT @ogrisel Need to parse a wikipedia dumps in #python? Need PDF/ODF exports of selected articles? mwlib: http://bit.ly/2ZQ8wn #bigdata\
\
  [170] #Eclipse - my macbook's nemesis :(\
\
}