{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25100\viewh14360\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs22 \cf0 Stanford Dependencies (6 documents, score: 20.26918511442445)\
  [ 7] Version 1.6.4 of the Stanford Parser is out: better question parsing and Stanford Dependencies. http://bit.ly/YOax2 #nlproc\
\
  [17] Stanford Parser v1.6.3 is out: Stanford Dependency improvements, and other minor bug fixes. http://bit.ly/YOax2 #nlproc\
\
  [18] Know any Stanford Dependencies bugs? Last chance to get an error report in for fixes leading up to the next release! #nlproc\
\
  [29] @brendan642 We've been thinking about it but haven't yet done it. But this goal motivated the Stanford Dependencies work.\
\
  [32] 2010 papers starting to appear: Parsing to Stanford Dependencies @ LREC2010:  http://bit.ly/9bEHm0\
\
  [36] Stanford Parser v.1.6.2 now out with improved dependencies at http://bit.ly/ccU3Dj\
\
Stanford Parser (6 documents, score: 22.565159914880205)\
  [ 1] Just out: Stanford CoreNLP, integrating our NER, POS tagger, and parser with a new coreference system. http://bit.ly/dgDny0 #nlproc\
\
  [ 7] Version 1.6.4 of the Stanford Parser is out: better question parsing and Stanford Dependencies. http://bit.ly/YOax2 #nlproc\
\
  [11] RT @silverasm oh wow, the stanford parser just parsed 1 *million* sentences in 8 hours. #nlproc\
\
  [17] Stanford Parser v1.6.3 is out: Stanford Dependency improvements, and other minor bug fixes. http://bit.ly/YOax2 #nlproc\
\
  [36] Stanford Parser v.1.6.2 now out with improved dependencies at http://bit.ly/ccU3Dj\
\
  [37] Uh-oh, Stanford Parser is causing global warming: RT @veer66 stanford parser is running and temperature of the cpu is 74 degree celsius\
\
Fixes (3 documents, score: 14.570222151479282)\
  [ 0] Stanford Tregex v. 1.4.1 just out. Small fixes and new features. Unclosed regex no longer locks up GUI (!). http://bit.ly/5qN61s #nlproc\
\
  [17] Stanford Parser v1.6.3 is out: Stanford Dependency improvements, and other minor bug fixes. http://bit.ly/YOax2 #nlproc\
\
  [18] Know any Stanford Dependencies bugs? Last chance to get an error report in for fixes leading up to the next release! #nlproc\
\
Learn (3 documents, score: 4.217327455823967)\
  [15] Today's #acl2010 paper: A hierarchical model for learning joint models over tasks using singly annotated data: http://bit.ly/b2Kj7N #nlproc\
\
  [16] New #acl2010 paper: You can (learn to) parse better by (cleverly) exploiting hypertext markup: http://bit.ly/dDqABz #nlproc\
\
  [28] 2010 papers: Grammar induction. There's no data like less data, especially if presented in an easy to learn way http://bit.ly/9RtYdv #nlproc\
\
NLP (3 documents, score: 20.932185888369887)\
  [ 6] NLP tools in a stats course ... there is some evidence that text/NLP is going more mainstream.\
\
  [ 8] @nicolastorzec Happy to see other web services, but it has also been online for years at http://nlp.stanford.edu:8080/parser/ #nlp #nlproc\
\
  [12] RT @Scott_Frye I just finished the last of Mannings lecture's on NLP http://bit.ly/qFR6k HIGHLY recommended! #nlproc\
\
Silverasm (3 documents, score: 19.44008238700186)\
  [ 9] @zelandiya You'd have to ask @silverasm....\
\
  [10] @silverasm 100% human.\
\
  [11] RT @silverasm oh wow, the stanford parser just parsed 1 *million* sentences in 8 hours. #nlproc\
\
Acl2010 Paper (2 documents, score: 17.199634544287047)\
  [15] Today's #acl2010 paper: A hierarchical model for learning joint models over tasks using singly annotated data: http://bit.ly/b2Kj7N #nlproc\
\
  [16] New #acl2010 paper: You can (learn to) parse better by (cleverly) exploiting hypertext markup: http://bit.ly/dDqABz #nlproc\
\
Coreference (2 documents, score: 10.919283382005153)\
  [ 1] Just out: Stanford CoreNLP, integrating our NER, POS tagger, and parser with a new coreference system. http://bit.ly/dgDny0 #nlproc\
\
  [ 5] EMNLP 2010: The latest in high-precision rule-based coreference systems. Some call them unsupervised. http://bit.ly/bkhAzT #nlproc\
\
Discontinuous Phrases (2 documents, score: 22.279308230757717)\
  [21] @brendan642 Whoops, yes: MT with discontinuous phrases really at http://bit.ly/9qiCNd\
\
  [24] NAACL paper this week: The fertile middle ground between phrase-based and statistical MT: Discontinuous phrases http://bit.ly/YOax2 #nlproc\
\
Emnlp2010 (2 documents, score: 16.309070346617126)\
  [ 2] Time for a new parsing metric: Fscore - memory (GB) - time (minutes). #emnlp2010\
\
  [ 3] How does dual decomposition compare in practice to A* search Factored models (Klein&Manning 2002) - the theoretical +/- is mixed #emnlp2010\
\
Grammar Induction (2 documents, score: 23.33282495129899)\
  [20] RT @eturner303 Good paper on Unsupervised Dependency Grammar induction: http://bit.ly/9jDzWf - #textmining #naacl\
\
  [28] 2010 papers: Grammar induction. There's no data like less data, especially if presented in an easy to learn way http://bit.ly/9RtYdv #nlproc\
\
Improved (2 documents, score: 15.85052267367723)\
  [17] Stanford Parser v1.6.3 is out: Stanford Dependency improvements, and other minor bug fixes. http://bit.ly/YOax2 #nlproc\
\
  [36] Stanford Parser v.1.6.2 now out with improved dependencies at http://bit.ly/ccU3Dj\
\
POS Tagger (2 documents, score: 23.887282682065628)\
  [ 1] Just out: Stanford CoreNLP, integrating our NER, POS tagger, and parser with a new coreference system. http://bit.ly/dgDny0 #nlproc\
\
  [25] Stanford POS tagger 3.0 runs multithreaded with no icky static methods. Faster and better than Ratnaparkhi 1998 http://bit.ly/uCFMg #nlproc\
\
Piece (2 documents, score: 14.343383279234752)\
  [34] NYT MT piece: looks like the test set was in Google's training data. Where the Google Books project comes in? http://nyti.ms/9t7h5m #nlproc\
\
  [35] @milesosborne Bigger and more wowwed front page piece on Google's Machine Translation in the New York Times http://nyti.ms/9t7h5m #nlproc\
\
Release (2 documents, score: 14.098360799255092)\
  [ 4] @tentejswi We are actively working on a release that includes these and other tools (parser, coref) right now.... #nlproc\
\
  [18] Know any Stanford Dependencies bugs? Last chance to get an error report in for fixes leading up to the next release! #nlproc\
\
Twitter (2 documents, score: 12.173924815932988)\
  [30] 2010 papers: Characterizing Microblogs (i.e., twitter) with Topic Models. People I know vs stuff I want to know. #icwsm http://bit.ly/bel7Mw\
\
  [33] Twitter is a web service biased towards Chinese ... the amount you can say in 140 chars in Chinese vs English, there's just no comparison!\
\
Web_miner (2 documents, score: 17.309136093199573)\
  [13] @web_miner No great answer beyond the hints at http://bit.ly/cT5AJs but also see http://bit.ly/cxXwAG for faster SD methods\
\
  [14] @web_miner Either the documents must be very long -- or your computer must be very slow....\
\
Williamallthing (2 documents, score: 12.721216748089393)\
  [23] @williamallthing Ever since we discovered that Google translates both ???? and ????? as "They look good" we just KNEW there was more to do!\
\
  [27] @williamallthing But you were such a Ruby fan when we knew you....\
\
Other Topics (4 documents, score: 0.0)\
  [19] @brendan642 Beats me. But seemed useful to know about.\
\
  [22] @MathiasBank Have you tried the new tagger version 3.0? Running several MaxentTagger's in different threads works for us....\
\
  [26] 2010 papers: Parser combination: a decade after H&B '00, voting diverse parsers is still the state of the art. http://bit.ly/alJ9hW #nlproc\
\
  [31] MLcomp seems a great step in reproducible ML research: http://mlcomp.org/ . Kudos to Jacob and Percy!\
\
}