{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25100\viewh14360\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs22 \cf0 Created 38 clusters\
\
Voldemort (13 documents, score: 51.16221767394085)\
  [ 3] Helping the monster span the globe #voldemort\
\
  [ 6] @ebenhewitt http://bit.ly/bE0nnB =&gt; Voldemort does not use Thrift for client...We have our own native protocol...\
\
  [11] All #voldemort users, fill this up - http://bit.ly/azsxbM\
\
  [13] RT @peteskomoroch: Strata Week: Behind LinkedIn Signal http://t.co/vLywa2w via @radar #ruby #lucene #voldemort #realtime\
\
  [17] My Voldemort presentation - http://bit.ly/bLVv80\
\
  [33] Check out Krati from SNA - http://bit.ly/aFm4Nv and an initial integration for Voldemort - http://bit.ly/9NeKKJ\
\
  [38] Bulk loading Voldemort RW Store with Hadoop - http://bit.ly/cuGpAT - v0.1 :)\
\
  [41] FIFO queues in Voldemort - http://bit.ly/cFRBCD\
\
  [43] Voldemort - Flume Sink in under 5 minutes! Next up, Voldemort - Flume Source ...\
\
  [45] Voldemort data-center aware routing results - http://bit.ly/b3uIZ9\
\
  [46] @hackingdata How about add support for Voldemort in Whirr?\
\
  [52] Voldemort - Hadoop integration - http://bit.ly/blyJCf\
\
  [53] Voldemort Vs Cassandra - http://blog.medallia.com/2010/05/choosing_a_keyvalue_storage_sy.html\
\
Hadoop (11 documents, score: 47.54035362273447)\
  [38] Bulk loading Voldemort RW Store with Hadoop - http://bit.ly/cuGpAT - v0.1 :)\
\
  [52] Voldemort - Hadoop integration - http://bit.ly/blyJCf\
\
  [81] "Hadoop for dummies" :) @cloudera Introducing Cloudera Desktop: http://tr.im/Ap9N\
\
  [87] http://bit.ly/1bhrz2 #hadoop i/o pipeline...Even I implemented compression and checksum on Sherpa this summer :) :) :)\
\
  [92] I think @hadoop 's growth won't be affected with the departure of @cutting ...But @yahoo just lost a(nother) gem! :(\
\
  [94] new Hadoop Summit video: Hive - opensource datawarehousing atop Hadoop with FB's Zheng Shao and Namit Jain http://bit.ly/EdFQx\
\
  [97] Why do all @hadoop conferences take place during school? :( Any conferences for summer?\
\
  [98] How Hadoop Revolutionized Data Warehousing at Yahoo and Facebook - http://slidesha.re/12dsTs\
\
  [133] @Love_Hadoop Understanding Hadoop Task Timelines http://t.love.com/224626756\
\
  [143] Done with Stanford Univ for now...Off to Texas...Will probably spend time catching up on Hadoop, BITSAA work & Nutch...\
\
  [152] RT @Love_Hadoop Digging Deeper Into Data With Hadoop http://t.love.com/220733091\
\
Google (9 documents, score: 40.38625251527668)\
  [51] Thinking of "CoderRank" - Based on Google Code, Github, SourceForge check-ins / repos ...\
\
  [104] RT @jenna: Funny of the day: do a Google search for the word "recursion"\
\
  [108] On Yahoo's Infrastructural Disadvantage to Google http://t.love.com/233546436\
\
  [116] Google Drops A Nuclear Bomb On Microsoft. And It's Made of Chrome. http://tcrn.ch/5OV\
\
  [129] interesting...@google added 'Show Options' link to search results...Filters to get better results including wonder wheel\
\
  [138] Wants to know which software revision control systems do big companies use? Like FB, Google, Yahoo? Anyone?\
\
  [139] RT @SiliconVlyIs Google approaching its 'Microsoft Point'? Sr. Dir. of AdSense goes to Facebook. FB fast becoming Google alumni chapter.\
\
  [140] I wt some1 2 explain 2 me the hype arnd vanity URLs.Don't u'll hve enough online profiles 2 pop up on Google!Anyways facebook.com/rsumbaly:P\
\
  [151] Playing with Pig, sounds funny right?...Evaluating Hive and Pig...Can someone in Google please give me access to Sawzall? Plzzzzzzzz\
\
Cloud (7 documents, score: 0.9877244809692179)\
  [82] RT @Love_Hadoop How Yahoo is betting its cloud will pay off http://t.love.com/256591072\
\
  [83] RT @Love_Hadoop - Open Source Is Key to Cloud Computing http://t.love.com/255245507\
\
  [118] RT @acmurthy: Mumak! - A Map-Reduce simulator http://bit.ly/KjfHT - Yahoo should venture into cloud services...Smart ppl in here! :)\
\
  [119] Put a REST API to your application and promote it as "in the cloud" :P\
\
  [122] An A to Z of Cloud Computing Companies in 2009 http://t.love.com/228985305\
\
  [147] All cloud computing enthusiasts...Check this out... http://tables.googlelabs.com/public/tour/tour1.html\
\
  [156] Microsoft's Ray Ozzie on Cloud Computing :  http://tr.im/nyF5\
\
Strlen (7 documents, score: 43.14365703470367)\
  [10] @strlen Crap, this recruiter knows our secret! :O\
\
  [31] (Over)Productive InDay at LinkedIn...Fun hacking with @strlen...\
\
  [37] @strlen That was quick...Me picking up Scala this weekend...Started with this - http://bit.ly/cqh4 ...Any other suggestions?\
\
  [50] @strlen Ahh, this is what I was looking for - http://www.ohloh.net/languages/5 - "Global rank"\
\
  [60] @strlen Thanks! :)\
\
  [69] @strlen Congrats! :)\
\
  [70] @strlen Ideal geek! :-)\
\
Interesting (6 documents, score: 34.54798978834792)\
  [64] Students find twitter's hashtags & Wiki's edit history interesting for data mining projects.Tomorrow's poster session will be fun!\
\
  [66] 30 student groups will present interesting Data Mining projects @ Stanford on 16th March - http://bit.ly/1ArUnZ - All are invited!\
\
  [67] Interesting to see so many projects based on @twitter dataset for http://bit.ly/7MMX3Z\
\
  [73] Interesting article by @jsensarma ...http://bit.ly/29mu9h\
\
  [111] RT @abhishek_kr7 "Smart guys date in parallel" - Interesting analogy by a geek! http://tinyurl.com/7mot5p\
\
  [129] interesting...@google added 'Show Options' link to search results...Filters to get better results including wonder wheel\
\
Life (6 documents, score: 42.14472641907923)\
  [26] @johnxorz congrats! Happy married life...\
\
  [86] Gmail down...Life really changes...For a change refreshing - www.google.com/appsstatus\
\
  [109] This part of my life is called "partying even when I get a speedup of only 1.13x" :)\
\
  [150] Life of a programmer - http://bit.ly/5qzNE...Funny! :)\
\
  [153] RT @Stanford More on Prof. Motwani's remarkable life and tragic passing: http://bit.ly/mVVCd\
\
  [154] A great man...Life should not be so unpredictable... http://tr.im/nCjH :(\
\
LinkedIn (6 documents, score: 35.43485751067976)\
  [ 8] LinkedIn Lab goes live - http://linkedinlabs.com\
\
  [13] RT @peteskomoroch: Strata Week: Behind LinkedIn Signal http://t.co/vLywa2w via @radar #ruby #lucene #voldemort #realtime\
\
  [31] (Over)Productive InDay at LinkedIn...Fun hacking with @strlen...\
\
  [48] 70 million members on LinkedIn!\
\
  [131] Is #linkedin also going real time? I just noticed that my 'network updates' looks ordered.Something's fishy aka Daal mein kuch kaala hai :)\
\
  [132] Somehow I feel #twitter is too "childish" to have so many business plans around it...I would love to see this buzz around #linkedIn ..\
\
RT Love_Hadoop (5 documents, score: 64.87266115857163)\
  [72] RT @Love_Hadoop Slow Web site? Yahoo open-sources an app for that http://t.love.com/266864984\
\
  [82] RT @Love_Hadoop How Yahoo is betting its cloud will pay off http://t.love.com/256591072\
\
  [83] RT @Love_Hadoop - Open Source Is Key to Cloud Computing http://t.love.com/255245507\
\
  [134] RT @Love_Hadoop Fifty Best Tech Startups http://t.love.com/224039374\
\
  [152] RT @Love_Hadoop Digging Deeper Into Data With Hadoop http://t.love.com/220733091\
\
Stanford (5 documents, score: 32.18538938169681)\
  [61] Finished my last final at Stanford..."Stanford Alum"\
\
  [66] 30 student groups will present interesting Data Mining projects @ Stanford on 16th March - http://bit.ly/1ArUnZ - All are invited!\
\
  [143] Done with Stanford Univ for now...Off to Texas...Will probably spend time catching up on Hadoop, BITSAA work & Nutch...\
\
  [146] One year down at Stanford...One more to go! :)\
\
  [153] RT @Stanford More on Prof. Motwani's remarkable life and tragic passing: http://bit.ly/mVVCd\
\
Check (4 documents, score: 36.13946021397168)\
  [ 7] I\'92ve created my profile at about.me! Check me out: http://about.me/rsumbaly and sign up at http://about.me.\
\
  [33] Check out Krati from SNA - http://bit.ly/aFm4Nv and an initial integration for Voldemort - http://bit.ly/9NeKKJ\
\
  [100] Check out stanfordrejects.com :)\
\
  [147] All cloud computing enthusiasts...Check this out... http://tables.googlelabs.com/public/tour/tour1.html\
\
Cloud Computing (4 documents, score: 53.09387769502854)\
  [83] RT @Love_Hadoop - Open Source Is Key to Cloud Computing http://t.love.com/255245507\
\
  [122] An A to Z of Cloud Computing Companies in 2009 http://t.love.com/228985305\
\
  [147] All cloud computing enthusiasts...Check this out... http://tables.googlelabs.com/public/tour/tour1.html\
\
  [156] Microsoft's Ray Ozzie on Cloud Computing :  http://tr.im/nyF5\
\
Hive (4 documents, score: 22.06973818562245)\
  [68] Just taught the class http://bit.ly/7MMX3Z how to play with Hive!\
\
  [94] new Hadoop Summit video: Hive - opensource datawarehousing atop Hadoop with FB's Zheng Shao and Namit Jain http://bit.ly/EdFQx\
\
  [105] Hive : http://t.love.com/234626890 ...But I still love Pig! :)\
\
  [151] Playing with Pig, sounds funny right?...Evaluating Hive and Pig...Can someone in Google please give me access to Sawzall? Plzzzzzzzz\
\
Open Source (4 documents, score: 48.610382559482105)\
  [29] Just realized that nearly every person in my team is a contributor to SOME open source project!Latest - Faster Kamikaze http://bit.ly/cGWPsg\
\
  [74] RT @tnegrin: Yahoo's Traffic Server open sourced via Apache. Request router fr sherpa http://bit.ly/4ngAiJ http://bit.ly/2Szr4S #nosql #yts\
\
  [83] RT @Love_Hadoop - Open Source Is Key to Cloud Computing http://t.love.com/255245507\
\
  [93] Yahoo!'s open source elephant loses its daddy http://t.love.com/240329326\
\
Search (4 documents, score: 21.253342848361402)\
  [104] RT @jenna: Funny of the day: do a Google search for the word "recursion"\
\
  [129] interesting...@google added 'Show Options' link to search results...Filters to get better results including wonder wheel\
\
  [130] Facebook uses Bing for their Web Search...Hmm...\
\
  [149] http://blindsearch.fejus.com - Blind Search...Try it out...I clicked on Yahoo 7 out of 10 times :O\
\
Sherpa (4 documents, score: 33.277443464866515)\
  [74] RT @tnegrin: Yahoo's Traffic Server open sourced via Apache. Request router fr sherpa http://bit.ly/4ngAiJ http://bit.ly/2Szr4S #nosql #yts\
\
  [85] http://bit.ly/I9nST\
 - Sherpa in public \\m/\
\
  [87] http://bit.ly/1bhrz2 #hadoop i/o pipeline...Even I implemented compression and checksum on Sherpa this summer :) :) :)\
\
  [112] Awesome fun as a part of 'Sherpa' Olympics...Suddenly Companies &gt;&gt; School...\
\
Awesome (3 documents, score: 25.110525634163075)\
  [59] @thathoo Congos! Awesome move...\
\
  [102] Working from Yahoo! San Francisco! :) Awesome view up here...\
\
  [112] Awesome fun as a part of 'Sherpa' Olympics...Suddenly Companies &gt;&gt; School...\
\
BlueBoxTraveler (3 documents, score: 28.813202683530548)\
  [95] @BlueBoxTraveler Thanks a ton! I'll luckily still be around then...Hope to bump into you soon!\
\
  [117] @BlueBoxTraveler Definitely...I'll ping you once things settle down for me at Yahoo! :)\
\
  [123] @BlueBoxTraveler Yup, I'm at Yahoo! :)\
\
Definitely (3 documents, score: 20.393255790976433)\
  [ 1] #Quora ... can definitely improve my question feed by filtering / ranking based on my browsing history...\
\
  [117] @BlueBoxTraveler Definitely...I'll ping you once things settle down for me at Yahoo! :)\
\
  [124] Twitter on Bing...OMG...Now I definitely should try Bing for some days...\
\
Hackingdata (3 documents, score: 40.96388246836336)\
  [42] @hackingdata Sure thing...\
\
  [46] @hackingdata How about add support for Voldemort in Whirr?\
\
  [55] Vs our Azkaban - http://bit.ly/aBISvb @hackingdata oozie updated in trunk: http://bit.ly/Hp6LX\
\
India (3 documents, score: 26.57292032883466)\
  [39] Wow! India unveils $30 tablet PC  - http://bit.ly/9upxnq\
\
  [121] Farewell to an India I Hardly Knew  - http://bit.ly/11rhmB\
\
  [142] Anup, keep up the good work..RT @anup_99: See TouchMagix technology covered by Economic Times , "India Emerging" section http://is.gd/ZyuS\
\
Job (3 documents, score: 27.624530120501824)\
  [ 2] Pandora showing #nosql job ads...Killer targeting or just a fluke?\
\
  [12] The reason why @rjurney has been replying to your mails at insane hours - http://lnkd.in/6vyizB - Great job guys!\
\
  [79] Reverse Brain Drain - http://bit.ly/42d8Gb ..."But the jobs will be in Hyderbad or Pune, not Silicon Valley"\
\
Johnxorz (3 documents, score: 24.65059975221678)\
  [24] @johnxorz thanks John..was great to meet youll after a long time! :)\
\
  [26] @johnxorz congrats! Happy married life...\
\
  [65] @johnxorz Congrats John! RT @utkarsh So excited to have @johnxorz starting at Twitter today!\
\
Looking (3 documents, score: 34.87714387990002)\
  [50] @strlen Ahh, this is what I was looking for - http://www.ohloh.net/languages/5 - "Global rank"\
\
  [71] Am looking forward to joining http://bit.ly/7CyMKE this April...\
\
  [131] Is #linkedin also going real time? I just noticed that my 'network updates' looks ordered.Something's fishy aka Daal mein kuch kaala hai :)\
\
MapReduce (3 documents, score: 33.451583797283234)\
  [ 4] RT @lintool: From Purdue: Transactional Support in MapReduce for Speculative Parallelism http://bit.ly/9OPeJZ\
\
  [77] MapReduce online - http://bit.ly/1BJdA9\
\
  [114] Reading : Panda, Herbach, Basu, Bayardo. PLANET: Massively Parallel Learning of Tree Ensembles with MapReduce http://bit.ly/kifX4\
\
Nosql (3 documents, score: 24.882636524839533)\
  [ 2] Pandora showing #nosql job ads...Killer targeting or just a fluke?\
\
  [57] Standard example to show off your NoSQL db - write a twitter clone - http://bit.ly/aLQE2K http://bit.ly/qpYQ1\
\
  [74] RT @tnegrin: Yahoo's Traffic Server open sourced via Apache. Request router fr sherpa http://bit.ly/4ngAiJ http://bit.ly/2Szr4S #nosql #yts\
\
Real Time (3 documents, score: 23.60210673653404)\
  [ 0] Yahoo's real time MR framework - Just released ... http://bit.ly/cGQ97y\
\
  [99] I am generating some near real time data...The question is "DB or no DB?"...And if DB, which DB?\
\
  [131] Is #linkedin also going real time? I just noticed that my 'network updates' looks ordered.Something's fishy aka Daal mein kuch kaala hai :)\
\
Bing (2 documents, score: 28.943522767517212)\
  [124] Twitter on Bing...OMG...Now I definitely should try Bing for some days...\
\
  [130] Facebook uses Bing for their Web Search...Hmm...\
\
Data Mining (2 documents, score: 43.817222474622326)\
  [64] Students find twitter's hashtags & Wiki's edit history interesting for data mining projects.Tomorrow's poster session will be fun!\
\
  [66] 30 student groups will present interesting Data Mining projects @ Stanford on 16th March - http://bit.ly/1ArUnZ - All are invited!\
\
Ebenhewitt (2 documents, score: 34.679772358474075)\
  [ 5] @ebenhewitt And we're in production at many places - http://bit.ly/azsxbM\
\
  [ 6] @ebenhewitt http://bit.ly/bE0nnB =&gt; Voldemort does not use Thrift for client...We have our own native protocol...\
\
Gmail (2 documents, score: 28.440702288081756)\
  [78] 101 ways to increase productivity...Rule 1 : Disconnect from gmail\
\
  [86] Gmail down...Life really changes...For a change refreshing - www.google.com/appsstatus\
\
Johnxorz Congrats (2 documents, score: 43.533588842671804)\
  [26] @johnxorz congrats! Happy married life...\
\
  [65] @johnxorz Congrats John! RT @utkarsh So excited to have @johnxorz starting at Twitter today!\
\
Lintool (2 documents, score: 33.065592080941066)\
  [ 4] RT @lintool: From Purdue: Transactional Support in MapReduce for Speculative Parallelism http://bit.ly/9OPeJZ\
\
  [23] @lintool Can you DM me your email? I can share some numbers...\
\
Nah (2 documents, score: 22.891564024449522)\
  [110] RT Disneyland? nah, just another day @yahoo http://twitpic.com/ap2jg (via @gaarf)\
\
  [125] Monday morning blues...Nah, not for me...I suddenly prefer work! :)\
\
Pays (2 documents, score: 35.88991381637728)\
  [80] Yahoo pays its 'technical debt' with IT overhaul http://t.love.com/259244031\
\
  [82] RT @Love_Hadoop How Yahoo is betting its cloud will pay off http://t.love.com/256591072\
\
Results (2 documents, score: 32.992156374230326)\
  [45] Voldemort data-center aware routing results - http://bit.ly/b3uIZ9\
\
  [129] interesting...@google added 'Show Options' link to search results...Filters to get better results including wonder wheel\
\
Team (2 documents, score: 30.853924862362625)\
  [29] Just realized that nearly every person in my team is a contributor to SOME open source project!Latest - Faster Kamikaze http://bit.ly/cGWPsg\
\
  [127] Loves his work and team at Yahoo! \\m/\
\
Other Topics (51 documents, score: 0.0)\
  [ 9] ZFS Snapshots work!\
\
  [14] If my salary was decided by SLOC, protobuf would make me a millionaire! #codegenfail\
\
  [15] Thomas Friedman at #in\
\
  [16] Exception up = new Exception("Something is really wrong."); throw up; //ha ha - http://bit.ly/cFahQv\
\
  [18] @tom_e_white will #whirr be supporting only apache based infrastructure projects?\
\
  [19] @boia01 the paper 'duplicate detection in click streams' is wht u may be suggesting..but thts not 'near' duplicate..it's exact duplicate!\
\
  [20] Any good pointers to near duplicate detection algorithms on a data stream?\
\
  [21] Current status: http://bit.ly/aEZx84\
\
  [22] @manand Hey was at your office yday...Didn't catch you around?\
\
  [25] Tweeting from twitter\
\
  [27] Reading up on VoltDB...Fancy alternative to memcached?\
\
  [28] How can someone write a thesis on the slang used in Indian universities? http://bit.ly/bAfeCA #epicfail\
\
  [30] linkedin.check(); twitter.check(); fb.check(); gmail.check(); quora.check(); greader.check(); Anything left? #missgradlife\
\
  [32] @jonsidd Congrats Jonathan...read about your stuff on Techcrunch! :)\
\
  [34] @pbrane Thought of you when I saw this - http://bit.ly/bDaRlX - Thinking of starting "Luc-mort"/"Luce-mort", just for fun...#nosqlfail\
\
  [35] Reading all of @rjurney 's old posts tonight...Captivated! - http://lnkd.in/S2_NB8\
\
  [36] Wow! - HP Labs researcher claims proof that P != NP: http://bit.ly/a2Yl6L\
\
  [40] Recursion for dummies - Inception\
\
  [44] Heard this today - "TWITTER = Time Wasted In Tracking Tiny Egotistical Rants"\
\
  [47] Classification of Computer Science Research http://bit.ly/aJRqkH\
\
  [49] Superb video - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u6XAPnuFjJc\
\
  [54] http://bit.ly/bAtaRL - Yahoo TCP Analyzer from Subbu!\
\
  [56] According to http://bit.ly/djzHju , I'm still a kid! :)\
\
  [58] http://antirez.com/post/redis-weekly-update-3-publish-submit.html - Redis is now pub/sub!!!\
\
  [62] @dpatil Thanks for dropping by...Hope you had as much fun as we did! :)\
\
  [63] @thathoo Sure, I'll post the reports after the final...\
\
  [75] Must read for programmers - http://bit.ly/TrzPe\
\
  [76] Graph based database... http://bit.ly/1zNyvd ...Weird!!!\
\
  [84] Hats off to CSS Hackers...It surely needs a lot of patience...Phew!\
\
  [88] Exploring Zookeeper - http://hadoop.apache.org/zookeeper/\
\
  [89] @kosmix : Did I just miss the shirt? :(\
\
  [90] http://bit.ly/JvPkx\
 =&gt; Why Erlang?\
\
  [91] After Monday(M) and Tuesday(T), even the week says 'WTF'!!! :)\
\
  [96] RT @anand_raj: A pizza with radius 'z' and thickness 'a' has the volume pi*z*z*a. Now who came up with that!\
\
  [101] I knew coffee was bad...But 3.30 am!\
\
  [103] YC-Funded RethinkDB: A MySQL Storage Engine Built From The Ground Up For SSDs http://tcrn.ch/1Pbo\
\
  [106] Yale Researchers Create Database-Hadoop Hybrid http://t.love.com/233955472\
\
  [107] Am so madly in love with my work @ Yahoo in distributed databases that going back to college now might feel weird...\
\
  [113] Bucket list completed today :P Taught by Hector, Prabhakar Raghavan and today met Raghu Ramakrishnan! :)\
\
  [115] Mango Lassi @ Yahoo! \\m/\
\
  [120] http://bit.ly/o8q9G\
 =&gt; Bashreduce...Pretty neat!\
\
  [126] Michael Jackson death confirmed by several news sources. Cardiac arrest. Very sad.\
\
  [128] RT @ amrita_chanda "Drop ACID and Think About Data" http://bit.ly/1ayumh\
\
  [135] Will finish this list of distributed system papers over summer - http://bit.ly/distributed\
\
  [136] @thathoo Thanks! :) wht bout Oracle?\
\
  [137] No reply to my previous tweet, plz suggest, Git OR SVN? Which do companies use? :( Anyways, http://xkcd.com/327/ to cheer up...\
\
  [141] @anup_99 Sure thing...It would be my honor! :)\
\
  [144] Did anyone record todays #hadoopsummit?\
\
  [145] @angadsinghgill Don't worry...ur stipend will b more thn enough to buy 2-3 iphones once ur here... :)\
\
  [148] RT @kapeeshsaraf $9.95 for iPhone OS 3 for ipod touch. WTF!!!!\
\
  [155] RT @om: Goodbye Old Friend. R.I.P. Rajeev Motwani http://tinyurl.com/qexbqf\
\
}