{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25100\viewh14360\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs22 \cf0 Created 37 clusters\
\
Pulsepad (15 documents, score: 50.34377366164738)\
  [ 8] Thanksgiving Goodness: Meals and Deals! http://t.co/ouKm91n via @pulsepad\
\
  [ 9] I love Pulse on my iPad! Check it out. http://pulsene.ws @pulsepad\
\
  [11] PULSE Brings You Good News: Now FREE Across All Platforms! http://t.co/8arYdEE via @pulsepad\
\
  [15] @Back2Mach @pulsepad agreed! will change it in coming updates!\
\
  [21] I love my @pulsepad team!! It was a pretty exhausting day and everyone came through!\
\
  [39] Pulse for Android goes social with Facebook feed! http://t.co/5jX1VAV via @pulsepad\
\
  [40] @jing_lebelle @pulsepad Thanks :)\
\
  [93] Nat Geo Amazing: How to build a HUGE sandcastle http://tinyurl.com/2cverzq (via @pulsepad)\
\
  [94] Welcome to PULSE! http://tinyurl.com/2d78qvl (via @pulsepad)\
\
  [95] I love Pulse on my iPhone! Check it out. http://appsto.re/pulsenewsmini @pulsepad\
\
  [96] SMART SEARCH: How to Add and Search for a News Source http://tinyurl.com/2b8jwe6 (via @pulsepad)\
\
  [97] Welcome to PULSE! http://tinyurl.com/2d78qvl (via @pulsepad)\
\
  [98] Laughing in the Sea http://tinyurl.com/2afcft9 (via @pulsepad)\
\
  [101] iPhone 4 and iPhone 3G Screens Compared Under a Microscope [Apple] http://tinyurl.com/259scvt (via @pulsepad)\
\
  [104] Social Game Publishers Hit Payday From Mother\'92s Day Flower Offers http://tinyurl.com/29tfrux (via @pulsepad)\
\
iPhone (14 documents, score: 6.052623665898765)\
  [19] OH: So what if I can't add a contact to favorites, I haven't read a book on how to use my iPhone!\
\
  [22] @deas we have added a settings panel in your iPhone's settings app where you can change the font size. Check it out.\
\
  [44] I HATE old #iphone. Why are you still on a 3G .. are you kidding me?\
\
  [68] Awesome resource for iphone web dev tips http://pulsene.ws/8wlD\
\
  [72] Just removed 19 provisioning profiles from my iphone.\
\
  [76] Why did they have to make the iPad and iPhone rectangular?? Damn you orientation changes!\
\
  [95] I love Pulse on my iPhone! Check it out. http://appsto.re/pulsenewsmini @pulsepad\
\
  [101] iPhone 4 and iPhone 3G Screens Compared Under a Microscope [Apple] http://tinyurl.com/259scvt (via @pulsepad)\
\
  [116] Over 200 downloads across 22 countries on the first Day or our iPhone app BUZZ! Be the BUZZ! Check it out. http://appsto.re/buzz\
\
  [119] @bearkatmath Check out Buzz! First iPhone app combine User Generated Videos w/ Location Based Search. http://appsto.re/buzz\
\
  [120] RT @larrysa: BUZZ, iPhone app, potential video-blogging tool for ACTIVISTS. User-generated videos are linked to location http://bit.ly/qzoCY\
\
  [121] Buzz! on VentureBeat.  http://bit.ly/IBwEE First iPhone app combine User Generated Videos w/ Location Based Search. http://appsto.re/buzz\
\
  [123] Check out my new iPhone app Buzz! http://appsto.re/buzz\
\
  [127] Nice guide for cross compiling tessarect OCR project on iPhone  http://bit.ly/oTF8l\
\
Check (12 documents, score: 43.29949707266717)\
  [ 9] I love Pulse on my iPad! Check it out. http://pulsene.ws @pulsepad\
\
  [22] @deas we have added a settings panel in your iPhone's settings app where you can change the font size. Check it out.\
\
  [95] I love Pulse on my iPhone! Check it out. http://appsto.re/pulsenewsmini @pulsepad\
\
  [102] I love Pulse on my iPad! Check it out. http://appsto.re/pulsenews\
\
  [109] Check this out http://tinyurl.com/y6w74cy\
\
  [110] Check this out heya\
\
  [111] Check this out\
\
  [116] Over 200 downloads across 22 countries on the first Day or our iPhone app BUZZ! Be the BUZZ! Check it out. http://appsto.re/buzz\
\
  [119] @bearkatmath Check out Buzz! First iPhone app combine User Generated Videos w/ Location Based Search. http://appsto.re/buzz\
\
  [123] Check out my new iPhone app Buzz! http://appsto.re/buzz\
\
  [126] at cafe zao in menlo park! Check it out!\
\
  [143] Discovered Cafe Del Doge. Awesome Coffee and Hot Chocolate! Check it out on university ave.\
\
Buzz (8 documents, score: 19.38312908847484)\
  [116] Over 200 downloads across 22 countries on the first Day or our iPhone app BUZZ! Be the BUZZ! Check it out. http://appsto.re/buzz\
\
  [117] Over 200 downloads across 22 countries on the first Day! Be the BUZZ! http://appsto.re/buzz\
\
  [118] 1st video in nyc  http://bit.ly/Cdfxb  submitted through Buzz http://appsto.re/buzz\
\
  [119] @bearkatmath Check out Buzz! First iPhone app combine User Generated Videos w/ Location Based Search. http://appsto.re/buzz\
\
  [120] RT @larrysa: BUZZ, iPhone app, potential video-blogging tool for ACTIVISTS. User-generated videos are linked to location http://bit.ly/qzoCY\
\
  [121] Buzz! on VentureBeat.  http://bit.ly/IBwEE First iPhone app combine User Generated Videos w/ Location Based Search. http://appsto.re/buzz\
\
  [122] Buzz - find videos of cool stuff around you. First  2 combine User Generated Videos w/ Location Based Search. http://appsto.re/buzz\
\
  [123] Check out my new iPhone app Buzz! http://appsto.re/buzz\
\
Twitter (8 documents, score: 43.04649009363834)\
  [17] wonder if @twitter stores deleted tweets like gmail\
\
  [38] I have become a twitter junkie :(\
\
  [45] @rohan100jain awesome! you should refer to twitter as @twitter btw.\
\
  [69] Twitter might be contributing to half the world's information overload.\
\
  [78] Twitter needs option to choose the font  (and color?) that your tweets show up in your follower's timelines. how do i petition for this?\
\
  [130] Twitter for small business marketing campaigns! Waste of Time or a Hidden Jewel?\
\
  [131] @Belosic I am looking into how to use twitter effectively for small businesses and stumbled across your tweet. Thanks for the info!\
\
  [140] @HMSCloud you took my favorite Twitter analytics app down again! Get it together!\
\
Awesome (6 documents, score: 29.226848293635992)\
  [ 6] @cristinacordova @papayamaya you guys were awesome! esp the part where you can hear hammering in the back!! Got a new subscriber :)\
\
  [25] new @feedly sharing widget is quite awesome!\
\
  [45] @rohan100jain awesome! you should refer to twitter as @twitter btw.\
\
  [68] Awesome resource for iphone web dev tips http://pulsene.ws/8wlD\
\
  [80] Thanks to @gregbayer to that awesome idea!\
\
  [143] Discovered Cafe Del Doge. Awesome Coffee and Hot Chocolate! Check it out on university ave.\
\
iPhone App (6 documents, score: 35.238426234745454)\
  [22] @deas we have added a settings panel in your iPhone's settings app where you can change the font size. Check it out.\
\
  [116] Over 200 downloads across 22 countries on the first Day or our iPhone app BUZZ! Be the BUZZ! Check it out. http://appsto.re/buzz\
\
  [119] @bearkatmath Check out Buzz! First iPhone app combine User Generated Videos w/ Location Based Search. http://appsto.re/buzz\
\
  [120] RT @larrysa: BUZZ, iPhone app, potential video-blogging tool for ACTIVISTS. User-generated videos are linked to location http://bit.ly/qzoCY\
\
  [121] Buzz! on VentureBeat.  http://bit.ly/IBwEE First iPhone app combine User Generated Videos w/ Location Based Search. http://appsto.re/buzz\
\
  [123] Check out my new iPhone app Buzz! http://appsto.re/buzz\
\
Apple (5 documents, score: 26.99122137278272)\
  [37] Its funny how some features in the ios provisioning portal do not work in #chrome Typical @apple!\
\
  [77] I hate xcode. Just crashed for the second time today. @apple hello!\
\
  [101] iPhone 4 and iPhone 3G Screens Compared Under a Microscope [Apple] http://tinyurl.com/259scvt (via @pulsepad)\
\
  [113] RT @TechCrunch TechCrunch Friday GiveAway: An Apple iPad #CRUNCH http://tcrn.ch/dva2yw\
\
  [124] RT @ninakix: RT @nickbilton: An Insider On the Apple Tablet, AKA, 'it'. http://bit.ly/3nBDc (great reporting by @Gizmodo & @blam)\
\
Cristinacordova (5 documents, score: 34.79108192519682)\
  [ 2] @cristinacordova Happy thanksgiving!! Now take a break please :)\
\
  [ 6] @cristinacordova @papayamaya you guys were awesome! esp the part where you can hear hammering in the back!! Got a new subscriber :)\
\
  [ 7] yay! podcast including Pulse Free launch by our very own @cristinacordova :) Listen in! http://t.co/FN20n4C via @theGOLshow\
\
  [13] @cristinacordova ah! yeah .. wait .. what if I want to store my gems of knowledge past that? This sucks!\
\
  [48] @cristinacordova too scary! I am going to try this the next time I am at coupa *evil laugh*\
\
Facebook (5 documents, score: 35.56998319677356)\
  [35] Why Facebook Still Doesn\'92t Have An iPad\'c2\'a0App http://t.co/lHvtzgE via @techcrunch\
\
  [39] Pulse for Android goes social with Facebook feed! http://t.co/5jX1VAV via @pulsepad\
\
  [53] My @facebook access token expires on 31st December 4000. :O Looking forward to that date.\
\
  [59] @tristanwalker And imagine having credits be preloaded in the facebook phone! Don't need bling or any such service!\
\
  [107] XAuth: The Open Web Fires a Shot Against Facebook Connect http://tinyurl.com/y6tw2oy\
\
Amazing (4 documents, score: 35.30433340122207)\
  [42] Just saw the video of @coldplay's Life in Technicolor! Amazing!! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oomhQpeyB0Q&videos=BXpugJnWWKg&feature=BF\
\
  [73] Amazing post on merging Core Data Models! http://iphonedevelopment.blogspot.com/2009/09/core-data-migration-problems.html\
\
  [79] Helvetica is such an amazing font!! Especially in all caps ... like the tab titles in Pulse. :) (ps: shameless publicity)\
\
  [93] Nat Geo Amazing: How to build a HUGE sandcastle http://tinyurl.com/2cverzq (via @pulsepad)\
\
Going (4 documents, score: 30.43263745762297)\
  [48] @cristinacordova too scary! I am going to try this the next time I am at coupa *evil laugh*\
\
  [75] I like the egg as my profile picture so much ... i don't think I am going to change it ever!\
\
  [128] installing 3.1 beta 3. 1hr 15 mins to go. live jazz in the background. the night is young.\
\
  [152] Since you can say anything about what one is doing, I am going to write "trying to solve global warming"\
\
Hate (4 documents, score: 34.81207979601051)\
  [ 3] @marmon @kprobinson Oh .. how much i hate WebCore!! Totally Agree!\
\
  [31] Hate waiting for oil changes. Such a waste of time!\
\
  [44] I HATE old #iphone. Why are you still on a 3G .. are you kidding me?\
\
  [77] I hate xcode. Just crashed for the second time today. @apple hello!\
\
Oanacarja (4 documents, score: 36.12995548239593)\
  [50] @oanacarja haha. touche! btw. how can you call yourself a katy perry super fan when you misspell her name!!!\
\
  [51] @oanacarja pink martini? seriously! :P Thanks for the rest :)\
\
  [62] @oanacarja wow! talk about a quick flight.\
\
  [70] @oanacarja live tweeting ... got inspired by zuck in the fb movie!\
\
Agreed (3 documents, score: 41.99663389487613)\
  [ 3] @marmon @kprobinson Oh .. how much i hate WebCore!! Totally Agree!\
\
  [15] @Back2Mach @pulsepad agreed! will change it in coming updates!\
\
  [20] Agreed! Repeat After Me: Investors Are Never the Story http://pulsene.ws/gRqE\
\
Experience (3 documents, score: 27.331071516091907)\
  [18] Some things you only learn though experience ...\
\
  [66] Someone needs to improve the whole booking a flight+hotel+car experience. So broken!\
\
  [148] When marketing a product, you can't rely on pure value for it to sell fast. You need to provide an experience or service.\
\
Google (3 documents, score: 31.685706375449666)\
  [46] Imagine the day when everyone would be on #chrome and @google would be putting ads on ALL websites algorithmically http://pulsene.ws/ceBZ\
\
  [99] Google Reader's Unofficial API http://post.ly/lWHd\
\
  [129] Search for the keyword search in google\
\
News (3 documents, score: 35.37934917510046)\
  [11] PULSE Brings You Good News: Now FREE Across All Platforms! http://t.co/8arYdEE via @pulsepad\
\
  [96] SMART SEARCH: How to Add and Search for a News Source http://tinyurl.com/2b8jwe6 (via @pulsepad)\
\
  [105] \'93The press is all abuzz with news of the SEC suing Goldman Sachs for fraud. While this is certainly big\'85\'94 http://instapaper.com/zl9e61xj\
\
Ninakix (3 documents, score: 31.535091432529768)\
  [28] @ninakix meeeee\
\
  [43] @ninakix such a shitty processor! why are you still living in the stone age?\
\
  [124] RT @ninakix: RT @nickbilton: An Insider On the Apple Tablet, AKA, 'it'. http://bit.ly/3nBDc (great reporting by @Gizmodo & @blam)\
\
People (3 documents, score: 39.66717757056601)\
  [52] People! suggest a good @pandora station!!\
\
  [63] Have people stopped giving #birthday cards?\
\
  [89] @peterhoskins The people "in tech" end up changing the world. making it super important for the world and for you.\
\
Provisioning (3 documents, score: 23.961464527709694)\
  [37] Its funny how some features in the ios provisioning portal do not work in #chrome Typical @apple!\
\
  [72] Just removed 19 provisioning profiles from my iphone.\
\
  [84] Found a great guide to Ad-Hoc provisioning on the ipad. O-Apple! Why did you have to make this so hard? http://bit.ly/bq30BT\
\
RT TechCrunch (3 documents, score: 61.82347322096625)\
  [113] RT @TechCrunch TechCrunch Friday GiveAway: An Apple iPad #CRUNCH http://tcrn.ch/dva2yw\
\
  [115] RT @TechCrunch Apparently The Safest Browser Is Whoever Is Paying Yahoo The Most http://tcrn.ch/7cfj\
\
  [142] RT @TechCrunch Get A Free Copy Of Sarah Lacy\'92s Startup Book http://tinyurl.com/lpqubl (via @tweetmeme)\
\
Rohan100jain (3 documents, score: 38.653054226980494)\
  [45] @rohan100jain awesome! you should refer to twitter as @twitter btw.\
\
  [136] @rohan100jain Installed it already?\
\
  [138] @rohan100jain You will get fired!\
\
Social (3 documents, score: 28.222750968717172)\
  [39] Pulse for Android goes social with Facebook feed! http://t.co/5jX1VAV via @pulsepad\
\
  [81] Like zuck in that move .... ummm ... what's its name ... yes! the social network\
\
  [104] Social Game Publishers Hit Payday From Mother\'92s Day Flower Offers http://tinyurl.com/29tfrux (via @pulsepad)\
\
Start (3 documents, score: 31.8956169025176)\
  [29] Could there be a time when we suddenly start creating data at a rate faster than we can store/manage it?\
\
  [61] @nbc30rock has started sucking!\
\
  [82] Now I will start to tweet whatever I am thinking atm\
\
Beat (2 documents, score: 37.80922365217381)\
  [112] I just got up to 12,863 in #DoodleJump!!! Beat that! http://itunes.com/app/DoodleJump\
\
  [147] Wanna beat fantastic? get Spanktastic. Are you one?\
\
Better (2 documents, score: 33.77415557862123)\
  [12] Stupid UIWebViews and your memory warnings!! There has to be a better way to render pages!\
\
  [41] @erickschonfeld Would love your feedback on how we can make Pulse better!\
\
Cafe (2 documents, score: 33.78108248623368)\
  [126] at cafe zao in menlo park! Check it out!\
\
  [143] Discovered Cafe Del Doge. Awesome Coffee and Hot Chocolate! Check it out on university ave.\
\
Date (2 documents, score: 30.170081953282516)\
  [33] NSDateFormatter is a monster! How can I make getting a date from strings stable for all countries and all time formats!!!\
\
  [53] My @facebook access token expires on 31st December 4000. :O Looking forward to that date.\
\
Far (2 documents, score: 25.625426491965623)\
  [86] Finger-Pointing, Emails, Deleted Tweets, Rage. AngelGate Is Far From Over http://tinyurl.com/23ffdnn\
\
  [106] So far, Icelandic volcano isn't likely to cause a cooler summer http://tinyurl.com/y35ujpc\
\
JSON Parsing (2 documents, score: 33.079005153265825)\
  [92] Fast Streaming JSON Parsing! http://eleganthacking.posterous.com/json-parsing-in-objective-c\
\
  [100] JSON Parsing in Objective C http://post.ly/lW9C\
\
Models of Windows 7 Tablet Goodness (2 documents, score: 38.51215611177199)\
  [90] RT The HP Slate 500: Eight Models Of Windows 7 Tablet Goodness http://post.ly/o5gB\
\
  [91] The HP Slate 500: Eight Models Of Windows 7 Tablet Goodness http://post.ly/o5gB\
\
Really Sorry (2 documents, score: 29.002720760441886)\
  [23] @reign4aday Really sorry for the crashes. Would it be possible for you to send me crash reports from your computer?\
\
  [49] @ivkowalenko Hey, really sorry that pulse crashes on your ipod. Does it crash on startup or after a while? What is the last screen you see?\
\
Rocks (2 documents, score: 39.06363460450301)\
  [141] The city rocks! http://twitpic.com/8jo0t\
\
  [145] Sake bomb rocks!!\
\
Tap (2 documents, score: 14.560832519322817)\
  [56] @raffeg Tapping the gear (top left) takes you to manage sources - you have a '+' button on the top right. Hitting it brings up the bazaar.\
\
  [57] @raffeg When you tap the '+' button on the flip screen, the interface that shows up is called the Pulse Bazaar. Its confusing. Our bad!\
\
Win (2 documents, score: 36.77174209620479)\
  [67] Jorre van Ast and Nikolai Carels win design prizes for Royal VKB http://pulsene.ws/8H1V\
\
  [114] Win a Movado from @crunchgear and @thewatchery. Pls RT. Details here: http://bit.ly/2eC0JT\
\
Other Topics (43 documents, score: 0.0)\
  [ 0] Are we living in another bubble? Scary thought!\
\
  [ 1] Alphonso, the paper boy :)  @ Pulse World HQ http://instagr.am/p/XhkD/\
\
  [ 4] @benedictwong Interesting. We are working super hard trying to make content less overwhelming and more enjoyable. Improvement ideas?\
\
  [ 5] @yvrmark @flipboard How can we improve Pulse?\
\
  [10] Big day! .. front page of New York Times Business :) http://nyti.ms/biBQrf\
\
  [14] Taking back ipads for my grandparents!! Such a cool device :)\
\
  [16] @jmtosses hey! that kinda rhymes :) what don't you like about pulse's scroll?\
\
  [24] @reign4aday that sucks. Which version of iOS are you on?\
\
  [26] Free coffee at @coupacafe via @matchpin!\
\
  [27] Not too impressed with @RockMelt :(\
\
  [30] My knowledge of S3 and SimpleDB doubled today! There is still a LOT of work that needs to be done to make cloud services dev friendly! :(\
\
  [32] @triketora saw them smoking something (looked like weed!) earlier today :)\
\
  [34] @royphjacobs Loved reading your review! fyi pulse was quickly added back to the app store and is currently available for download\
\
  [36] San Francisco is where the party is tonight!\
\
  [47] is it just me or has quality of @techcrunch suddenly increased in the last couple weeks?\
\
  [54] @a4agarwal Congratulations!\
\
  [55] Why do bug tracking softwares look like they are straight out of windows 3.1? #bugs\
\
  [58] @katchwreck Thanks Dan :) We should catch up sometime.\
\
  [60] HAHA!! " ... the third generation snowboards and takes improv classes" :D\
\
  [64] Rediscovering @starbucks. Its not that bad :) Esp. the clover coffees\
\
  [65] @seeJAYinc Nope. You can incorporate a company and sell the app with the company's account\
\
  [71] The Time Has Come to Vanilla Ice Yourself http://pulsene.ws/84NJ\
\
  [74] @ikhare I guess I should try it. Always a little hesitant with dev tools upgrades. They eat tons of space and have a learning curve :(\
\
  [83] Loving the espresso machine we just got at the office! :)\
\
  [85] Oktoberfest. Here I come :)\
\
  [87] Alphamuro is a shelving system where the shelf... http://tinyurl.com/257cal5\
\
  [88] David Letterman and his writer are not on same page over Joaquin Phoenix hoax http://tinyurl.com/245auxb\
\
  [103] Graduating in a day!! Living the dream :)\
\
  [108] RT Is there more CO2 from planes or the volcano? http://christmasgorilla.com/post/529275276/\
\
  [125] My dream place to photograph would be Leh! http://bit.ly/ppsw\
\
  [132] @nikhilbhat Being in the valley, feel the need to dive into this crazy trend. It's time! Also, installed tweetdeck on all computing devices\
\
  [133] I don't like the dark blue menu view in microsoft word 2010 :(\
\
  [134] Walking around great mall with a notebook in your hand, you get asked whether you are looking for a job\
\
  [135] Did you know that TwitterBar is a firefox plugin that allows you to tweet from the firefox address bar.  http://bit.ly/tcgB4\
\
  [137] Someone help me with CoreVideo!\
\
  [139] 1st tweet using tweetdeck!\
\
  [144] I just collected a dead drop. #spymaster http://bit.ly/playspy\
\
  [146] @nikhilbhat\
\
  [149] In a research meeting\
\
  [150] After doing quite a lot of coding, I always write int instead of in int chats! Dammit, did it again.\
\
  [151] Thank god for the weekend!\
\
  [153] @bhash Why do you have to buy music in India?\
\
  [154] Working and Sleeping at the same time! Mostly sleeping though :(\
\
}